Add steps for using CloudFormation to the quickstart guides. (#20064)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/setup/datadog.md

}
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "CloudFormation" %}}
To install the Worker in your AWS Account, use the CloudFormation template to create a Stack:

  1. Download [the CloudFormation template][1] for the Worker.

  2. In the **CloudFormation console**, click **Create stack**, and select the **With new resources (standard)** option.

  3. Make sure that the **Template is ready** option is selected, and select **Upload a template file**. Click **Choose file** and add the CloudFormation template file you downloaded earlier. Click **Next**.

  4. Enter a name for the stack in **Specify stack details**.

  5. Fill in the parameters for the CloudFormation template. A few require special attention:

>   * For **APIKey** and **PipelineID**, provide the key and ID that you gathered earlier in the Prerequisites section.
>     
>   * For the **VPCID** and **SubnetIDs**, provide the subnets and VPC you chose earlier.
> 
>   * All other parameters are set to reasonable defaults for a Worker deployment but you can adjust them for your use case as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * For **APIKey** and **PipelineID**, provide the key and ID that you gathered earlier in the Prerequisites section.
    
      * For the **VPCID** and **SubnetIDs**, provide the subnets and VPC you chose earlier.

      * All other parameters are set to reasonable defaults for a Worker deployment but you can adjust them for your use case as needed.
```

Author: Sadly this won't work, I tried it before and it just created a code block with the bullet points inside. :(

  
  6. Click **Next**.

  7. Review and make sure the parameters are as expected. Click the necessary permissions checkboxes for IAM, and click **Submit** to create the Stack.

CloudFormation handles the installation at this point; the Worker instances are launched, download the necessary software, and start running automatically.

[1]: /resources/yaml/observability_pipelines/cloudformation/datadog.yaml
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> ### Load balancing

Reviewer 2: @maycmlee  what're your thoughts on having the `CloudFormation installs only support Remote Configuration at this time.` under every single tab? Might look repetitive but if someone selects CloudFormation option under _Installing the OP Worker_ section, they might miss that

Reviewer: Makes sense! Will add them.

{{% tab "Terraform (AWS)" %}}
An NLB is provisioned by the Terraform module, and provisioned to point at the instances. Its DNS address is returned in the `lb-dns` output in Terraform.
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "CloudFormation" %}}

> An NLB is provisioned by the CloudFormation template, and is configured to point at the AutoScaling Group. Its DNS address is returned in the `LoadBalancerDNS` CloudFormation output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An NLB is provisioned by the CloudFormation template, and is configured to point at the Auto Scaling group. Its DNS address is returned in the `LoadBalancerDNS` CloudFormation output.
```

{{% tab "Terraform (AWS)" %}}
By default, a 288GB EBS drive is allocated to each instance, and the sample configuration above is set to use that for buffering.
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "CloudFormation" %}}

> <div class="alert alert-danger">EBS drives created by this CloudFormation template have their lifecycle tied to the instance they are created with. <strong>This leads to data loss if an instance is terminated, for example by the AutoScaling Group.</strong> For this reason, only use CloudFormation installs for non-production-level workloads.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-danger">EBS drives created by this CloudFormation template have their lifecycle tied to the instance they are created with. <strong>This leads to data loss if an instance is terminated, for example by the Auto Scaling group.</strong> For this reason, only use CloudFormation installs for non-production-level workloads.</div>
```
